Reuters souhaite enrichir son équipe "User Experience" et recherche a ce titre un ergonome 
designer pour ces activités logicielles.
Poste en CDI basé a Puteaux (92821)
 
Si cette offre vous intéresse, veuillez adresser par mail un 
CV et une lettre de motivation a l'adresse suivante:
vincent.monnier@reuters.com
 
---------Description de poste---------------
 
Position: Interaction Designer
 
Job Description:
----------------
Reuters is the world's largest provider of financial information for professionals in the 
financial services, media and corporate markets.
 
We are seeking an Interaction Designer to join the Reuters' User Experience Group, an 
international team of professionals responsible for ensuring usability and consistency 
across all Reuters products.
 
You will collaborate on multiple projects for rich-client and web applications, creating 
designs that meet business and usability requirements.
 
 
Responsibilities:
-----------------
Plan and conduct all usability activities throughout the product lifecycle, such as needs 
analysis, task analysis, conceptual modeling, interaction design, usability reviews, and 
user testing.
 
Produce mockups, scenarios, flowcharts, storyboards, prototypes and interaction design 
specifications.
 
Collaborate with project managers to define product features and functionality and to 
ensure that designs meet business requirements.
 
Work closely with development teams to ensure that design specifications can be implemented,
 to track changes and to make design adjustements when necessary.
 
Share with the User Experience Group ideas, concepts and designs to ensure consistency 
throughout Reuters products 
 
 
Required  Qualifications:
-------------------------
Proven experience in managing a design process throughout product lifecycles.
 
Minimum of 5 years experience as Interaction Designer in software development.
 
Experience working with product managers and development teams.
 
Experience in conducting user testing.
 
Proven ability in creating low and high fidelity prototypes and mock-ups. Knowledge of 
graphical tools and prototyping tools.
 
Very familiar with Windows and Web user interface guidelines
 
Good understanding of computer technologies, such as Windows and Web programmation and with 
willingness to learn new technologies.
 
Self-starter with ability to work independently with minimal supervision
 
Excellent communication and organization skills.
 
Fluent English
 
 
Preferred  Qualifications:
--------------------------
Masters degree or equivalent experience in human factors engineering, software design, 
cognitive science, experimental psychology or a similar degree.
 
Skilled at rapid prototyping.
 
Knowledge of financial markets
 
-- 